# db_project
Backend System for Disaster Site Resources Locator

Entities:

  User - Covers every user using the database. It contains the persons full name,
       Gender, birth date, username and password.
       It's primary key is uID.

  Addresses - Contains the city, street, country and zip code for all users. It's primary
	    key is addID and has the foreign key uID.

  Telephone Numbers - Contains the the home, mobile, work, etc. phones of the users. The 
		    values can also be null. The primary key is tID and receives uID as a 
		    foreign key.

  Credentials - Contains the email, username and password for the account of a user. It's primary key 
 	      is cID and receives uID as a primary key.

  Credit Cards - Contains the credit card information of users. The primary key is ccID and
		receives uID as a foreign key.

  Admin - Identifies the user as an administrator. Contains the primary key adminID 
        and the foreign key uID.

  Supplier - Identifies the user as a supplier. Contains the primary key suppID and 
           the foreign key uID.
           
  Requester - Identifies the user as a requester. Contains the primary key reqID and 
           the foreign key uID.
           
  Resources - All items that can be requested/ordered in the database. It's primary key is resID
	     and receives catID as a foreign key.

  Category - Contains the different types of resources that can be found in the database.

  Inventory - Contains all the supplied resources by the suppliers. Contains the 
            date added, total quantity in stock, the quantity that is reserved,
            the quantity available and it's price.

  Price History - Contains the past prices for resources in the inventories and there 
		 effective dates. It's primary key is phID and receives invID as a foreign key.

  
            
Relations:

  Admin/Supplier/Requester - subcategories of the user entity

  Supplies - Which user is providing the resources in the inventory.

  Orders - The resources bought/reserved by a requester from the available stock in the inventory.
            Saves the date and amount of resources purchased
              
  Requests - Contains the needed resources of the requesters (not paired with a supplier).
            Includes the quantity of resources that are requested and the date at which
            it was made. The primary key is rqstsID.

  Sells - Guarantees that the resources in the inventory and requests are part
              of the Resource entity.
  
  Lives - Relates the different homes a user may have.

  ownsPhone - Relates the user to their respective phone numbers

  ownsCard - Relates the user to their respective credit cards

  Account Credentials - Relates the user to their account information

  hasPriceHistory - Relates the inventory to it's past prices
 
  isDivided - Relates the resource to the category it belongs to
